

CLAUDE
CHECK CLAUDE
Have it so Auto-logged from job clock added to the efficiency table can also be clicked, but not edited, only removed. Within the update job entry. 


have it so Job Progress Tracker section follows the design when using iPhone in vertical mode as well as the other sections. 


Have it so when in phone view the whole background colour is accent colour atm it cuts off and turns white on the bottom and top sections in the web browsers as the browser tab section goes smaller and the app wasn’t added full accent colour. 


Have it so the messages page works like iPhone messages does on iPhone instead of the current design for bigger screens, have it so it only uses this messages page feature when in iPhone view and other view when in bigger screens view. 


Have it so within the tracking page it shows each tracking card in a row instead of being in a 2 column layout. Only make this change with iPhone view. (CHANGE users can click add location and if a job number, reg, or customer already exists it auto fills the information and changes to “Edit existing” instead of “log new”)


Have it so within the “My Assigned Jobs” page the table is in full use when in phone vertical view as atm the contents of the table looks like it’s in the first column. 


Remove text “My Assigned Jobs” and “Request Workshop Consumables” 


Have it so when writhing the request workshop consumables page within the requests table, make sure the erect is easier to ready with the colour theme being used. 


Within the profile page have it so the leave summary and emergency contact sections aren’t in a 50/50 side plot but in line like the other sections when within phone vertical view


Have it so when the calendar picker is used within all pages it shows within the middle of the screen when in phone vertical mode 


Fix Users table changes are restricted to HR Manager > Employees. Emergency contact updates are disabled here. When clicking save within the emergency contact section inside the /profile page 


Have it so the /profile page doesn’t reload from end, make sure it always reloads the information backend so the users inputs and experience isn’t interrupted. 


Have it so the techs dashboard fits phone vertical mode better.


Have it so the “Check-in trends” section within the workshop dashboard follows the accent colour for the boarder, and the rows within the  Next jobs queue also follows the accent colour background.


Have it so the global search bar search list is always the same width as the search bar it’s self.


Have it so when in smaller screen view within the job-cards/[Jobnumber] page this section “WN69HSU 56829 Ford Zoe Harrington 07851 002991 DECLINED £71.99 AUTHORISED 317.50 Key location Service showroom Car location Service” doesn’t exceed the card size. So make the section cards smaller to always fit within. 


Have it so “Cancel”, “View Linked Job” button within the warranty tab within the job-cards/[Jobnumber] page follows the light/dark text colour. Have it so “Select Warranty Job” drop down follows the drop down style within global.css


Have it so “6 techsJob #00056” bubbles follow more of the button style than bubbles, change this front end and find any other sections which use this shape instead of follow the button style (even though it’s not a button). 


Have it so within the messages tab the “Open Messaging Hub” button opens up the messages page, with a message which is linked to the customer (not another user (this is the only way a user can message a customer though end to end encryption messages from the job card/[jobnumber] page it’s self)) and opens the chat section with “/job[jobnumber] already in the chat box which indicates they are taking about that job. 
Fix “Review the invoice layout below, but complete these tasks before sharing with the customer:Allocate every booked part to a request or additional request.Parts tab 



CHECK CODEX
have it so for rows wihtin the VHC Requests section inside the Allocate Parts section has part numbers attached to them back end, for example Wipers/Washers/Horn Near Side Front Wiper blade split, requires replacing is a row and is also within the vhc_check database table which has part number "Nsfwiper236" attached, so when a add a part to the job within the "Parts Added to Job " section it will autodetect that part number matches the part within the "Allocate Parts " seciton and assign that row to the request. so for example if i add Nsfwiper236 part number to the job it sees it matches with the row inside the "Allocate Parts " seciton and auto assigns.

